# Why I Quit Discord: A Personal Statement

## Privacy Concerns

One of my main concerns has always been data protection and user 
anonymity. While Discord's terms of service claim to prioritize users' 
privacy, their actual policies have raised some red flags in my opinion. 
As a vocal advocate for online freedom and security, I couldn't shake the 
feeling that Discord wasn't doing enough to safeguard users' personal 
information.

This issue became even more pressing when considering the sheer volume of 
user data being collected by Discord. With millions of registered users 
worldwide, it's staggering to think about the amount of sensitive 
information that's being stored on their servers. The truth is, I'm not 
convinced that Discord takes sufficient measures to protect this 
information from prying eyes.

## Third-Party Clients and Modifications: A Threat to User Autonomy

Another significant factor in my decision was Discord's restrictive 
approach to third-party clients and modifications. As someone who values 
user autonomy and the freedom to customize their online experience, I 
found it disappointing that Discord wouldn't allow for more flexibility in 
this regard.

Discord's stance on this issue has been consistent, but in my opinion, it 
flies in the face of their supposed commitment to giving users control 
over their own experiences. The inability to use third-party clients or 
modify the Discord app to suit one's needs seems arbitrary and 
restrictive.

## The Tencent Factor: A Concern for Government Surveillance

Finally, let's address a rather contentious issue – the investment made by 
Tencent, a Chinese technology conglomerate, in Discord. While I understand 
that business partnerships are a natural part of any company's growth 
strategy, this particular move has left me wondering about the potential 
implications.

With the involvement of Tencent comes the very real possibility of 
increased scrutiny from both Chinese and American government agencies. As 
we know, governments on both sides have been increasingly interested in 
monitoring online activity and tracking user behavior. Given this context, 
I couldn't help but feel uneasy about the prospect of our data being 
accessed by entities with less-than-ideal motivations.

## Conclusion

In conclusion, while I appreciate the features and community that Discord 
has to offer, my concerns regarding privacy, third-party clients, and 
government involvement have led me to seek alternative platforms for 
online communication. It's not a decision I've taken lightly, but one that 
I feel necessary to protect my own digital freedom.

I hope that others will consider these issues as well and join me in 
exploring other options for online community-building. Ultimately, our 
online experiences should be guided by principles of user autonomy, data 
protection, and transparency – values that Discord has yet to fully uphold.

However, a friendly reminder: you can add me on Session. 
If you knew me on Discord you should know how to find me. If not, shoot me an 
email to find out my Session ID via:
"discord.sucks ***at*** sllord ***full stop*** info". 
Replace the "at" and "full stop" with a "@" and a "." respectively.
